readme.md, before:

# Moonbeam Documentation Site (Mkdocs framework and material theme)

### Website URLS:

 - **Production site:** https://docs.moonbeam.network
 - **Staging site:** http://docs-stage.moonbeam.network/
 - **Dev site:** http://docs-dev.moonbeam.network/

*Note: to access staging and dev sites you need to be on the internal PureStake VPN and add the following entries to your host file:*
```
3.18.120.148 docs-stage.moonbeam.network
3.18.120.148 docs-dev.moonbeam.network
```

## Pre-requisites

To get started you need to have [mkdocs](https://www.mkdocs.org/) installed, you can do so with `pip`:

```
pip install mkdocs
```

Next you also need to install the [material for MkDocs](https://squidfunk.github.io/mkdocs-material/) with pip:

```
pip install mkdocs-material
```

## Getting started

With the dependencies install, let's proceed to clone the necessary repositoires. In order to everything work correctly the file structure needs to be the following:

```
moonbeam-mkdocs
|--- /material-overrides/ (folder)
|--- /moonbeam-docs/ (repository)
|--- mkdocs.yml
```

So first, lets clone this repository:

```
git clone https://github.com/PureStake/moonbeam-mkdocs
```

Next, we head into the folder just created and clone the [moonbeam-docs repository](https://github.com/PureStake/moonbeam-docs):

```
git clone https://github.com/PureStake/moonbeam-docs
```

Now in the `moonbeam-mkdocs` folder (which should be the current one) you can build the site by running:

```
mkdocs serve
```

After a successful build, the site should be available at `http://127.0.0.1:8000`


## Other Notes

https://www.mkdocs.org/
https://squidfunk.github.io/mkdocs-material/

This repo contains the mkdocs config files, theme overrides and css changes. 
The actual content is stored in the moonbeam-docs repo and pulled into the moonbeam-docs sub-directory during build.
The static site is published to S3 using s3_website https://github.com/laurilehmijoki/s3_website

Commit message:

Updates to include new macros plugin

readme.md, after:

# Moonbeam Documentation Site (Mkdocs framework and material theme)

### Website URLS:

- **Production site:** https://docs.moonbeam.network
- **Staging site:** http://docs-stage.moonbeam.network/
- **Dev site:** http://docs-dev.moonbeam.network/

_Note: to access staging and dev sites you need to be on the internal PureStake VPN and add the following entries to your host file:_

```
3.18.120.148 docs-stage.moonbeam.network
3.18.120.148 docs-dev.moonbeam.network
```

## Pre-requisites

To get started you need to have [mkdocs](https://www.mkdocs.org/) installed, you can do so with `pip`:

```
pip install mkdocs
```

Next you also need to install the [material for MkDocs](https://squidfunk.github.io/mkdocs-material/) with pip:

```
pip install mkdocs-material
```

Then install the plugins

```
pip install mkdocs-awesome-pages-plugin
pip install mkdocs-redirects
pip install mkdocs-macros-plugin
```

Alternatively install everything at once with `pip install -r requirements.txt`

## Getting started

With the dependencies install, let's proceed to clone the necessary repositoires. In order to everything work correctly the file structure needs to be the following:

```
moonbeam-mkdocs
|--- /material-overrides/ (folder)
|--- /moonbeam-docs/ (repository)
|--- mkdocs.yml
```

So first, lets clone this repository:

```
git clone https://github.com/PureStake/moonbeam-mkdocs
```

Next, we head into the folder just created and clone the [moonbeam-docs repository](https://github.com/PureStake/moonbeam-docs):

```
git clone https://github.com/PureStake/moonbeam-docs
```

Now in the `moonbeam-mkdocs` folder (which should be the current one) you can build the site by running:

```
mkdocs serve
```

After a successful build, the site should be available at `http://127.0.0.1:8000`

## Other Notes

https://www.mkdocs.org/
https://squidfunk.github.io/mkdocs-material/

This repo contains the mkdocs config files, theme overrides and css changes.
The actual content is stored in the moonbeam-docs repo and pulled into the moonbeam-docs sub-directory during build.
The static site is published to S3 using s3_website https://github.com/laurilehmijoki/s3_website
